removing data from test PB article (#931)
demisto/content-docs: docs/integrations/test-playbooks.md

title: Test Playbooks
---

:::note

> By default, Test Playbooks will not run in the CI for packs that are not supported by Cortex XSOAR. Hence, adding a test playbook as described in the following article is not required, unless specifically requested by XSOAR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Test Playbooks will not run in the CI for packs that are not supported by Cortex XSOAR. Hence, adding a test playbook as described in this article is not required, unless specifically requested by Cortex XSOAR.
```

Author: ishtabach

title: Test Playbooks
---

We use Test Playbooks to test our integrations and automation scripts. The Test Playbooks provide full *End to End* testing. For testing small units of code, use [Unit Testing](unit-testing). 
Tests are run using our CI framework. They are run both as part of the build process and on a nightly basis. 

:::note

> The content team will automatically run Test Playbooks for packs that are not supported by XSOAR

Reviewer: do we do that ?

i dont think this note is needed

> By default the content team will not run Test Playbooks for packs that are not supported by XSOAR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Test Playbooks will not run in the CI for packs that are not supported by Cortex XSOAR.
```

name: IPInfo-Test
```

## Adding Tests to conf.json

> In order to associate integrations with a test plabyook we mange a `conf.json` file (at the root of the repository). The conf.json file is located in the **Tests** directory.

Reviewer: i wouldnt remove it, as in some cases it is still needed

instead, i would write that by default it is not required to add to `conf.json`, but if needed then use as follows (and keep the rest)

Author: If I add this back then definitely I would add the top 👆 note.
